Ecco un testo combinato da un documento PDF, estratto sia tramite OCR che direttamente.

---Testo Estratto Direttamente---
E D U C A T I O N
G R E T A  P I C C I N I N N I
S U M M A R Y
C O M M U N I C A T I O N  C O N S U L T A N T ,
C O P Y W R I T E R  &  S M M
UNIVERSITY OF FLORENCE
2018
SOCIAL MEDIA TRAINING COURSE BY LUCA LA MESA ACADEMY
2021-2023
SOCIAL MEDIA LIVE PROGRAM BY LUCA LA MESA
-2024
+39 347 9513855
Graduated with 105/110
gretapiccininni@hotmail.it
Social media marketing, copywriting, social media managing, content
creation
Via Enrico Pea 13, Firenze
Surprise mom at twenty, I discovered that nothing is solid and everything can
change.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/greta-piccininni/
Throughout my professional and personal life, I have cultivated a deep
passion for communication in all its forms, both written and oral. I firmly
believe in the power of clear and effective communication to build bridges,
foster understanding, and drive positive change.
I have a strong experience in healthcare communication and engagement.
Master's Degree in Public and Political Communication
Strategies
Surprise mom at twenty, I discovered that nothing is solid and everything can change.
Alternating day optimist and Communication Enthusiast.
Throughout my professional and personal life, I have cultivated a deep passion for communication in all its forms, both written and oral. I firmly believe in the power of clear and effective communication to build bridges, foster understanding, and drive positive change.
I  h a v e  a
 s t r o n g  experience in healthcare communication and engagement.
Copywriting
Social Media
Healthcare communication
Content Creation
Event Organization
Email copywriting & Marketing
Project Management
C O N T A C T
I N F O R M A T I O N S
Via Enrico Pea 13,
Firenze
https://www.linkedin.com
/in/greta-piccininni/
+39 347 9513855
gretapiccininni@hotmail.it
H O B B Y  &  I N T E R E S T S
S K I L L S
Copywriting: Craft clear, concise, and persuasive texts for various media (websites, social media, blog posts,
email, brochures, etc.), create SEO-friendly content that meets user needs and improves online visibility, write
articles, blog posts, landing pages, advertising texts, and website content, master storytelling techniques to
engage and retain audiences.
Social Media Managing: Create and manage profiles/pages on major social networks (Facebook, Instagram,
LinkedIn, Twitter, etc.), define channel strategies and goals based on target audience research and continuous
insight analysis, design and implement social media marketing and sponsored campaigns, manage and optimize
advertising budgets, monitor and analyze social channel performance.
Graphic Design (basic): Create social posts, images, programs, short videos, promotional materials, and
corporate presentations with Canva.
Project Management: Planning, execution, and evaluation of projects, define objectives and priorities,
Coordinate with suppliers and partners, Manage logistics and budgets.
Email Marketing: Creation and management of newsletter and email campaigns with Mailchimp and Mailup
Event Management: Planning and organizing events
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E
HELAGLOBE  |  AUGUST 2021-PRESENT
MCO INTERNATIONAL GROUP  |  FEB 2019-AUG 2021
Skills: Web Copywriting (websites, Informational articles, blog posts, social
media copywriting, print materials, e-mailcopywriting etc.) Social media
management, project management, communication & sensibilization
campaign on different disease and disabilities. 
Healthcare Communication Consultant, Copywriter & SMM
Junior Project Manager & Social Media Manager
L A N G U A G E S
I T  S K I L L S
S O F T  S K I L L S
Italian (native)
English B2
Spanish B1
MS Office (Word, Excel,
Powerpoint)
Wordpress (basic)
Social media & ADV
Canva
Google ADS & Google
Analytics (basic)
Mailchimp
Flexibility
Problem solving
Ability to work independently
and as part of a team
Proactive and results-oriented
Attention to detail 
Skills: medical event organization, corporate event organization, event
management, social media managing, copywriting.
MCO INTERNATIONAL GROUP  |  SEP-DEC 2016-2018
Event Organizer for World Diabetes Day (in Italy)
Skills: Communication, event management, Coordination of many events on
italian territory.
HAB EVENTI | JAN - SEP 2016
Intern
Skills: Event managing, communication, Participant and guest welcome and
management
COMUNE DI FIRENZE | JAN - SEP 2016
Intern
Skills: communication, writing, blog posts, journalism
I love painting, traveling, reading, but most of all spending time with my daughter and the people I love who enrich
my time. They love me and hate me because I can never sit still. I only rest by not resting.


---Testo Estratto con OCR---
n “aa 4
gr Pa wo
fi. Ba x
E di «SN
fi i? da
d TO È
{ oi / Ae. ‘\ ¥. a
GRETA PICCININNI . 4 ag Ah
“to hy ’ Ken’. di . fi
23 N Ma
COMMUNICATION CONSULTANT, i N ~~» NIE
i 4 % o "SENO id
COPYWRITER & SMM , NE di © SA
Ia . MENSE
È Y “41 H e .
‘ DI VO reve
N x i # Ah ba BX CR
SRD
k + ; iy îi
SUMMARY

CONTACT n°

INFORMATIONS Surprise mom at twenty, | discovered that nothing is solid and everything can
change.

1

\ +59 347 9515855 Alternating day optimist and Communication Enthusiast.

My gretopiccininniehotmail.it Throughout my professional and personal life, | have cultivated a deep
passion for communication in all its forms, both written and oral. | firmly
believe in the power of clear and effective communication to build bridges,

9g Via Enrico Pea 13, foster understanding, and drive positive change.

Firenze
| have a strong experience in healthcare communication and engagement.
cae https: //www.linkedin.com
fin/greta-piccininni/ EDUCATION
SOCIAL MEDIA LIVE PROGRAM BY LUCA LA MESA
-2024
Update course
Continuous training course on social media and digital marketing
SOCIAL MEDIA TRAINING COURSE BY LUCA LA MESA ACADEMY

AREAS OF 2021-2023

EXPERTISE Social media and communication course

Copywriting Social media marketing, copywriting, social media managing, content
creation

Social Media
UNIVERSITY OF FLORENCE

Healthcare communication 2018

Content Creation Master's Degree in Public and Political Communication

Event Organization Strategies

Email copywriting & Marketing Graduated with honors (110/10)

Project Management UNIVERSITY OF FLORENCE
2014
Bachelor's Degree in International Studies
Graduated with 105/110
WORK EXPERIENCE
LANGUAGES HELAGLOBE | AUGUST 2021-PRESENT
e Italian (native) Healthcare Communication Consultant, Copywriter & SMM
e English B2 Skills: Web Copywriting (websites, Informational articles, blog posts, social
. media copywriting, print materials, e-mailcopywriting etc.) Social media
e Spanish BI re lt
management, project management, communication & sensibilization
campaign on different disease and disabilities.
IT SKILLS
MCO INTERNATIONAL GROUP FEB 2019-AUG 2021
e MS Office (Word, Excel, . . | .
; Junior Project Manager & Social Media Manager
Powerpoint)
* Wordpress (basic) Skills: medical event organization, corporate event organization, event
P management, social media managing, copywriting.
e Social media & ADV
e Canva
* Google ADS & Google MCO INTERNATIONAL GROUP | SEP-DEC 2016-2018
Analytics (basic) Event Organizer for World Diabetes Day (in Italy)
e Mailchimp . ae i
Skills: Communication, event management, Coordination of many events on
italian territory.
SOFT SKILLS
* Flexibility HAB EVENTI | JAN - SEP 2016
e Problem solving Intern
e Ability to work independently Skills: Event managing, communication, Participant and guest welcome and
management
and as part of a team
e Proactive and results-oriented
* Attention to detail COMUNE DI FIRENZE | JAN - SEP 2016
Intern
Skills: communication, writing, blog posts, journalism
SKILLS

* Copywriting: Craft clear, concise, and persuasive texts for various media (websites, social media, blog posts,
email, brochures, etc.), create SEO-friendly content that meets user needs and improves online visibility, write
articles, blog posts, landing pages, advertising texts, and website content, master storytelling techniques to
engage and retain audiences.

* Social Media Managing: Create and manage profiles/pages on major social networks (Facebook, Instagram,
Linkedin, Twitter, etc.), define channel strategies and goals based on target audience research and continuous
insight analysis, design and implement social media marketing and sponsored campaigns, manage and optimize
advertising budgets, monitor and analyze social channel performance.

e Graphic Design (basic): Create social posts, images, programs, short videos, promotional materials, and
corporate presentations with Canva.

* Project Management: Planning, execution, and evaluation of projects, define objectives and priorities,
Coordinate with suppliers and partners, Manage logistics and budgets.

¢ Email Marketing: Creation and management of newsletter and email campaigns with Mailchimp and Mailup

¢ Event Management: Planning and organizing events

HOBBY & INTERESTS

| love painting, traveling, reading, but most of all spending time with my daughter and the people | love who enrich

my time. They love me and hate me because | can never sit still. | only rest by not resting.


Ricostruisci un testo pulito e completo dal raffronto delle due versioni. Tieni conto che nel testo proveniente da ocr in nome del candidato, o altre informazioni contenuti in titoli, potrebbere contenere degli spazi aggiuntivi. In particolare concentrati nel capire se in una delle due versioni c'è qualche dettaglio che in in curriculm ci deve essere per forza, come il nome, l'età o il numero di telefono, o se in generale in una delle due versioni ci sono proprio parti mancanti che nella versione finale ci devono essere. Non aggiungere commenti perchè il testo verrà analizzato automaticamente.

