Ecco un testo combinato da un documento PDF, estratto sia tramite OCR che direttamente.

---Testo Estratto Direttamente---
P E R S O N A L
P R O F I L E
Experienced Marketing  
Manager with a
demonstrated history of
working in the marketing
and advertising  field.
Luxury and corporate
merchandise and product
specialist.  , Brand
Management, Corporate
Branding, Business
Development and Marketing
Strategy. 
 Master's degree focused in
Marketing & Communication
Management from Business
School Sole 24 Ore. 
Enthusiasm, passion and
seekness for learning are my
best assets, together with
strong interpersonal and
communication skills.
Storyteller.
Strong communication and networ
king skills
Resources coordinator, teamplayer 
Natural born problem solver
The ability to work under pressure
 and multi-task
T h e  a b i lity to forecast, report  and deliver quality results
Passionate and curious about art, trends & fashion, people, travel, yoga. food and wine, green lifestyle.
Resources coordinator, teamplayer 
Natural born problem solver
JUL 2013 -PRESENT TIME 
Retain of key clients -Luxury area  
      (Adm France for LVMH  S.E.  and Kering S.A. ) 
       Finance and   Insurance, Pharma,Oil & Gas, Automotive 
      (Generali Italia, ,Axa, Banca generali 
,Baker Hughes)
.
Define strategies of communication, supporting and developing  brand awareness. Implement marketing campaigns  and monitoring the process and the budget. 
                                                                                                   
Partner and advisor to client, consultant , builder and manager with team and PR agencies producing editorial plans and contents.
Monitor ongoing marketing campaigns,incentive plans and loyalty programs; analyze market trends and tools.
Collect or,develope r,s ourcer of all k ind of idea s an d merch wit h  a su
stainable touch.  Business traveller worldwide (clients,fairs and pa
rtners).
Re-bag Ltd ,Category Manager b2b  
Fashion accessories and merchandise  dept.
Product develope r and sale s b2b
JAN 2011- JUN 2013
Product development fashion accessories. ( shoppers & bags, beauty case and smal gifts for Replay,Twin-set, Diesel, Patrizia Pepe,Woolrich, Liu Jo etc... )
M o n i t o r i n g  f o l low up of mass productions
Sourcing and benchmark  accessories 
MARKETING & COMMUNICATION
MANAGER - SITE DIRECTOR 
Re-bag Ltd ,Category Manager b2b  
Fashion accessories and merchandise  dept.
Product developer and sales b2b
Via Osteria del Guanto 5, 50122 Florence Italy 
Monitoring follow up of mass productions
Sourcing and benchmark  accessories 
JAN 2011- JUN 2013
RCS Mediagroup , Account manager b2b Italia 
Publishing
Managing sales and and promotional publishing campaigns. ( tourism
and architecture area)
Managing mulptiple projects
Scouting
DEC  2005 - DEC 2006
Copy 42- Web copywrting and
social media 
Sept  2020 -March  2021
Scuola Holden Torino Corporate
Storytelling  and brand awareness
2020
E D U C A T I O N
Blue Lab srl / Rosso Regale srl Product   and Sales
Home decor dept.
Marketing and sales in Home decor area ( merchandise,
ceramic,porcelain, stationery,xmas decorations, bags and
shoppers)
Sourcing new supplychain opportunities- eco and green in Far
East ( China, Vietnam etc) 
Developing products and packaging.
Monitoring press office ongoing campaigns.
DEC 2006 - JAN 2011
CHL  , Marketing communication and sales 
Hardware and software.
Sales accounting  and marketing assistant.
Reporting and 
Monitoring of KPI'S and  performances, evaluates performance  to
optimize sales
DEC  2000 - DEC 2005
Università degli Studi di Firenze 
Law degree  1999
Trade mark copyright  & intellectual
property
ll  Sole 24 ore Business School,
Milano
Master's degree Marketing and
Communication Management   
Nov 2014.
A U T O R I Z Z O  I L  T R A T T A M E N T O  D E I  D A T I  P E R S O N A L I  P R E S E N T I  N E L  C V  A I  S E N S I  D E L
D . L G S .  2 0 1 8 / 1 0 1  E  D E L  G D P R  ( R E G O L A M E N T O  U E  2 0 1 6 / 6 7 9 ) .
Italian
Mothertongue
English 
Professional 
Spanish 
Intermediate 
Russian
Beginner ( in progress ) 
Microsoft OFFICE and Outlook
Professional use
Database 
Professional use Teamsystem  
CRM tools and social media 
Professional use
Sommelier 
Student  ( in progress )
L A N G U A G E S
& O T H E R S   


---Testo Estratto con OCR---
we
7 Ss Ki
i A ALESSANDRA LUCA
Ye ’ MARKETING & COMMUNICATION
“ MANAGER - SITE DIRECTOR
PERSONAL SKILLS
— e Strong communication and networking skills
i i e Resources coordinator, teamplayer
Experienced Marketing e Natural born problem solver
Manager with a e The ability to work under pressure and multi-task
demonstrated history of e The ability to forecast, report and deliver quality results
. ; . e Passionate and curious about art, trends & fashion, people, travel, yoga.
working in the marketing food and wine, green lifestyle.
and advertising field.
Luxury and corporate
merchandise and product
specialist. , Brand WORK EXPERIENCE
Management, Corporate =
Branding, Business . . .
Development and Marketing Idea Prima, Marketing & Communication Manager
Strategy. Site Director l
Master's degree focused in Luxury and Corporate Merchandise
Marketing & Communication JUL 2013 -PRESENT TIME
Management from Business e Retain of key clients -Luxury area
School Sole 24 Ore. (Adm France for LVMH S.E. and Kering S.A.) i
. . Finance and. Insurance, Pharma Oil & Gas, Automotive
Enthusiasm, passion and (Generali Italia, Axa, Banca generali Baker Hughes).
seekness for learning are my
best assets, together with e Define strategies of communication, supporting and developing brand
strong interpersonal and awareness. Implement marketing campaigns and monitoring the process
. . . and the budget.
communication skills.
Storyteller. e Partner and advisor to client, consultant , builder and manager with team
and PR agencies producing editorial plans and contents.
CONTACTS e Monitor ongoing marketing campaignsincentive plans and loyalty
programs; analyze market trends and tools.
e Collectordevelopersourcer of all kind of ideas and merch with a
Via Osteria del Guanto 5, 50122 sustainable touch. Business traveller worldwide (clients,fairs and partners).
Florence Italy
Re-bag Ltd ,Category Manager b2b
Fashion accessories and merchandise dept.
| dra luca25 | Product developer and sales b2b
| alessandra.luca25@gmail.com JAN 2011- JUN 2013
+39 3398581267 e Product development fashion accessories. (shoppers & bags, beauty case
and smal gifts for Replay,Twin-set, Diesel, Patrizia Pepe,Woolrich, Liu Jo
in | http://linkedin.com/in/alessandra- etc... )
luca-692a1717 e Monitoring follow up of mass productions
e Sourcing and benchmark accessories
EDUCATION
|r==%2phRK.
Copy 42- Web copywrting and
social media
Scuola Holden Torino Corporate Blue Lab srl /Rosso Regale srl Product and Sales
Storytelling and brand awareness Home decor dept.
2020 DEC 2006 - JAN 2011
|r21215KK5
Il Sole 24 ore Business School, e Marketing and sales in Home decor area ( merchandise,
Milano ceramic,porcelain, stationery,xmas decorations, bags and
Master's degree Marketing and shoppers)
Communication Management e Sourcing new supplychain opportunities- eco and green in Far
Nov 2014. East ( China, Vietnam etc)
a e Developing products and packaging.
e Monitoring press office ongoing campaigns.
Universita degli Studi di Firenze
Law degree 1999
veoery copyright & intellectual RCS Mediagroup, Account manager b2b Italia
Publishing
DEC 2005 - DEC 2006
LANGUAGES . I LL . |
e Managing sales and and promotional publishing campaigns. ( tourism
&® OTHERS and architecture area)
= e Managing mulptiple projects
Italian e Scouting
Mothertongue
English CHL , Marketing communication and sales
Professional Hardware and software.
. DEC 2000 - DEC 2005
Spanish
Intermediate e Sales accounting and marketing assistant.
e Reporting and
Russian e Monitoring of KPI'S and performances, evaluates performance to
Beginner ( in progress ) optimize sales
Microsoft OFFICE and Outlook
Professional use
Database
Professional use Teamsystem
CRM tools and social media
Professional use
Sommelier
Student (in progress )
AUTORIZZO IL TRATTAMENTO DEI DATI PERSONALI PRESENTI NEL CV AI SENSI DEL
D.LGS. 2018/101 E DEL GDPR {REGOLAMENTO UE 2016/8679).


Ricostruisci un testo pulito e completo dal raffronto delle due versioni. Tieni conto che nel testo proveniente da ocr in nome del candidato, o altre informazioni contenuti in titoli, potrebbere contenere degli spazi aggiuntivi. In particolare concentrati nel capire se in una delle due versioni c'è qualche dettaglio che in in curriculm ci deve essere per forza, come il nome, l'età o il numero di telefono, o se in generale in una delle due versioni ci sono proprio parti mancanti che nella versione finale ci devono essere. Non aggiungere commenti perchè il testo verrà analizzato automaticamente.

