Basndoti sui seguenti documenti, ti preghiamo di rispondere alle seguenti domande in modo accurato e conciso. Non piu di 250 parole per risposta. Se non disponibile, si prega di cercare comunque di fare una stima ma di premettere 'Non fornito.'.

            PERSONAL PROFILE

Experienced Marketing Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising field. Specialised in luxury and corporate merchandise and products, Brand Management, Corporate Branding, Business Development, and Marketing Strategy. Holds a Master's degree focused in Marketing & Communication Management from Business School Sole 24 Ore. Enthusiasm, passion, and a thirst for learning are my best assets, together with strong interpersonal and communication skills. Also, a skilled storyteller.

KEY SKILLS

Strong communication and networking skills, resource coordination, team player, natural problem solver, ability to work under pressure and multi-task, ability to forecast, report and deliver quality results. Passionate and curious about art, trends & fashion, people, travel, yoga, food and wine, green lifestyle.

WORK EXPERIENCE

JUL 2013 - PRESENT TIME
Idea Prima, Marketing & Communication Manager, Site Director Luxury and Corporate Merchandise. Role includes retaining key clients in luxury areas such as Adm France for LVMH S.E. and Kering S.A., Finance and Insurance, Pharma, Oil & Gas, Automotive (Generali Italia, Axa, Banca Generali, Baker Hughes). Define strategies of communication, supporting and developing brand awareness. Implement marketing campaigns and monitoring the process and the budget. Also work as a partner and advisor to clients, consultant, builder, and manager with teams and PR agencies producing editorial plans and contents. Monitor ongoing marketing campaigns, incentive plans, and loyalty programs; analyze market trends and tools. Also, a collector, developer, and source of all kinds of ideas and merchandise with a sustainable touch. Business traveller worldwide (clients, fairs, and partners).

JAN 2011- JUN 2013
Re-bag Ltd, Category Manager B2B, Fashion accessories and merchandise department. Product developer and sales B2B. Responsible for product development of fashion accessories such as shoppers & bags, beauty cases, and small gifts for Replay, Twin-set, Diesel, Patrizia Pepe, Woolrich, Liu Jo. Also tasked with monitoring the follow-up of mass productions and sourcing and benchmarking accessories.

DEC 2006 - JAN 2011
Blue Lab SRL / Rosso Regale SRL, Product and Sales in Home decor department. Duties included marketing and sales in Home decor area (merchandise, ceramic, porcelain, stationery, Christmas decorations, bags, and shoppers), sourcing new supply chain opportunities- eco and green in Far East (China, Vietnam, etc). Developing products and packaging. Monitoring press office ongoing campaigns.

DEC 2005 - DEC 2006
RCS Mediagroup, Account manager B2B Italia, Publishing. Managed sales and promotional publishing campaigns in tourism and architecture area. Managed multiple projects and scouting.

DEC 2000 - DEC 2005
CHL, Marketing communication and sales in Hardware and software. Sales accounting and marketing assistant. Reporting and Monitoring of KPI'S and performances, evaluates performance to optimize sales.

EDUCATION

1999 
Università degli Studi di Firenze, Law degree focusing on Trademark copyright & intellectual property.

2020
Scuola Holden Torino, Corporate Storytelling and Brand Awareness.

Nov 2014
Il Sole 24 ore Business School, Milano, Master's degree in Marketing and Communication Management.

LANGUAGES & OTHER SKILLS

Italian: Mothertongue
English: Professional
Spanish: Intermediate
Russian: Beginner (in progress)
Microsoft OFFICE and Outlook: Professional use
Database: Professional use Teamsystem
CRM tools and social media: Professional use
Sommelier: Student (in progress)

CONTACT DETAILS

Address: Via Osteria del Guanto 5, 50122 Florence Italy
Email: alessandra.luca25@gmail.com
Phone: +39 3398581267 
LinkedIn: http://linkedin.com/in/alessandra-luca-692a1717 

I authorize the processing of personal data contained in the CV in accordance with D.LGS. 2018/101 and GDPR (EU Regulation 2016/679).

            Domanda: Qual è il Legame con Firenze di questo candidato? Si prega di restituire la risposta in modo conciso, non più di 250 parole. Se non trovato, si prega di cercare comunque di fare una stima ma di premettere 'Non fornito'.
            